in today's video i am going to be
recapping the events of
lucy a 2014 sci-fi film
spoilers ahead you have been warned now
before we get started hit the like and
subscribe button if you enjoy
the movie starts with the shot of an ape
drinking from a stream and fast forwards
to current times
lucy is an american student who is
standing with her boyfriend outside a
fancy hotel in taiwan
the boyfriend has to deliver a silver
briefcase to someone in the hotel
but is trying to convince her to go
instead she refuses repeatedly to which
the boyfriend handcuffs her to the
briefcase
and forces her to go in she asks the
receptionist for a mr
jang she's told to stand where she is
and a group of men get out of the lift
and walk towards her
they kill her boyfriend and take her
away the anxiety she feels is built up
more by showing a parallel
between lucy being held and dragged
upstairs and a deer being chased by
cheetahs
upstairs lucy is brought in front of a
korean drug lord
mr zhang she makes her case in english
to him with the help of an interpreter
she tries to communicate her innocence
and begs them to free her of the
suitcase only to be ignored
jang's mind is set on the briefcase he's
paranoid about the contents of the case
as he doesn't trust her now dead
boyfriend
she says that she doesn't know what's in
the case ignoring her explanations he
gives her the code to open it
the translator assures her that there's
nothing dangerous while jang and his men
stand at a safe distance with plastic
shields
he loses his patience at her and she
short of options
opens the case the men lower their
shields and guns having realized there's
nothing explosive in the case
lucy describes the contents of the case
four plastic pouches filled with
a bluish purple powder jang pierces one
of the pouches
with the help of a straw he takes out
some of the blue powder
on a tray his men bring out a feverish
drug addict and force him to inhale the
blue crystals through the straw
after some coughing he arches his back
his eyes roll into their sockets and he
laughs like a maniac jang shoots him
without a second thought
he turns to lucy and offers her a job
which she
refuses the screen goes black as she's
punched
somewhere in a university lecture about
evolution a professor
samuel norman explains how humans only
use 10 percent of their brain's capacity
and how we have grown exponentially with
merely 10 percent
coming back to lucy she wakes up in a
fancy hotel bedroom and feels a
sharp pain in her stomach only to
discover stitches on it
she's dragged to a vast room where an
english doctor explains to her that they
have placed a tiny pouch of blue
crystals
called the cph4 in her abdominal region
other people with cph4 pouches in their
abdomen are brought in to be given
tickets to european cities where the
pouches will be operated out of them
and they will be freed from their
services professor norman's lecture
continues
he claims that the base purpose of life
is going through time
to achieve this purpose cells choose
immortality that is self-sufficiency or
reproduction
only in these two ways an organism can
pass knowledge through time
on the other side of the world lucy
waits for an opportunity to escape
but finds herself chained in a cell a
man touches her inappropriately
when she doesn't give in she's kicked
repetitively in the stomach
this causes the pouch to tear inside her
and the cph4 crystals
spread in her bloodstream she reaches 20
of her cerebral capacity the professor
hypothesizes a scenario where humans
could access more than 10
of their brain capacity while lucy
actually experiences it
lucy is still chained when her captor
returns but this time when he tries to
touch her she fights him and
escapes breaking free with his gun in
her hand she kills the men with him and
gets shot in the process
she hardly notices it and feels no pain
as she takes the bullet out of the wound
on her way to the hospital she realizes
she can understand the local language
easily she forces a doctor to extract
the bag from her abdomen
while she's being operated on she calls
her mother and describes the
extraordinary sensory overload she feels
because of the drug
she recollects memories from when she
was only a year old and says i love you
to her mother one last time
the doctor takes the half-empty pouch
out and tells her more about cph4
organically is produced in tiny
quantities to help form the bones of a
fetus he's surprised that she's still
alive but she's sure she has less than a
day to live
from the hospital she goes to jang and
stabs his hands brutally
she makes him feel the pain she can't
feel as she telepathically finds out
about the other drug carriers then she
goes back to her apartment and reads up
all the research by professor samuel
norman in a matter of minutes
she calls him and tells him so he scoffs
at her until she proves that his theory
about the human brain was
in fact correct she shows him what she
can do with 20
of cerebral capacity she can control
technology
electric waves she can control her own
and others as bodies and describe to him
her emotional and
internal symptoms the more knowledge she
acquires because of her heightened state
the less human she feels she asks for
his guidance
when the professor gets over the shock
of being proof correct
he tells her that the purpose of life
has always been passing on what has been
learned
he advises her to do the same there's no
higher purpose than that
she ends the call by letting him know
that she's coming to visit him
on her way to paris she makes a call to
the french police to tip them about
jang's drug ring
she gives the details of the people that
will arrive in europe with drug pouches
inside them
her mind is at 30 capacity at this point
the local police arrested drug carriers
at berlin
paris and rome airports respectively
lucy
on her flight starts disintegrating in
panics
the only way to stop herself from
falling apart is by inhaling more cph4
in the plane washroom where she passes
out
she wakes up in paris in a hospital bed
good as new
she meets del rio the french police
officer she had tipped off
and he helps her to track the men
carrying the pouches she realizes that
jang's men
are also in paris trying to seek the cph
for pouches
jiang's men find the pouches before her
and are armed and ready when she arrives
brain capacity at 60 percent she moves
them out of her way without even
touching them
and gets her hand on all the pouches
jang and his men
hot on her trail as she leaves for the
university to meet professor norman
a group of academicians and doctors
await her they set up a way to inject
the remaining cph4
into her professor norman argues that
humanity may not be worthy of her
sacrifice
not ready for the knowledge she's about
to give to them that it may only bring
chaos to us she says that ignorance not
knowledge creates chaos
she tells him that she plans to build a
computer transfer
all her knowledge to it and give him
access to it
outside the professor's office the
french police come face to face with
jang and his men
the gunfight quickly becomes intense
inside the cph4
is injected into lucy and she's on her
way to achieving 100
of brain capacity when she reaches 70
percent she sits and absorbs the energy
matter and the computers in the room to
make a new generation computer
a blast from the fight outside triggers
her cells and at 80 percent
she can see anything in the world from
the eiffel tower past the ocean
to present day new york city with a
single move she feels the past speeding
around her till the time the american
continent only belonged to the
indigenous tribes
she travels back till she's eye to eye
with the first female ape named lucy
lucy feels the apes touch and sees the
creation of the earth
meanwhile zhang makes it past the french
police and with a gun in his hand
stalks towards lucy at 99 percent she
can see the nebuli
the gases and the infant universe she
sees protein substances forming out of
nothing
100 shows her the very moment the
universe came
into being before jan can pull the
trigger she
vanishes into the computer of her making
and becomes it
it processes and forms a device that it
hands to professor norman
after he detaches it from the computer
the computer disintegrates and so does
lucy with it
del rio shoots jang and asks about lucy
as a reply he receives a message on his
phone
i am everywhere her consciousness exists
without a body
it is everywhere thanks for watching
like the video and subscribe to the
channel if you enjoyed and want to see
more of these movie summaries